I know a guy in upper management:
Went crazy -- strapped one of those things around his nutbag.  Ran out into the parking lot.  Blew a nut, all over the parking lot.  Thunder juice everywhere.  Like a wooly mammoth coming through a snow storm.  Fuckin greasy ball sauce all over the place.  Knocked a pteradactoa off a Hawaiian cruise ship...

It's true, man.  I knew a guy in upper management.  Went crazy.  Strapped one of those things around his hairy nutsack, ran out into the parking lot, and busted a nut.  Um-hmm.  Blew a three dollar Hawaiian wonder cooler all over the place.  Yeah, knocked a little baby right off the top of a Volkswagen.  Imagine that; a baby flying through the air with a Hawaiian wonder cooler all over its face.  Not pretty, but reality.  Pass the chips, there, egg nuts.

Yeah, it's true.  I knew a guy in upper management, man.  Went crazy.  Strapped one of those things to his ball sack.  Ran out into the parking lot, blew Korean fire water all over the parking lot... <laughs>

Yeah, that's right.  I knew a guy in upper management, man.  Went crazy.  Tied one of those things around his ball sack.  Ran out into the parking lot; blew ball juice all over the place.  Knocked a little baby right out of his shopping cart.  Hit his head on a can of Del Monte peaches.  Now they call him Ball Juice McPeachy.

Yeah, that's right.  I knew a guy in upper management.  Went crazy.  Tied one of those things around his ball sack.  Ran out into the parking lot; blew a ball sack Four Runner all over the place.  I'm not kidding.  That fucking guy blew a baby right out of his mother's arms.

Yeah, that's true.  I knew a guy in upper management.  Went crazy.  Tied one of those things around his balls, ran out into the parking lot and blew wigwam sauce all over the place.  Big Chief Nutsack they call him.  Knocked a baby's yamika right off his head.

That's true.  I knew a guy in upper management.  Went crazy.  Tied one of those things around his nutbag, ran out into the parking lot and blew Soft Soap all over the place.  Yeah.  Kid looked like Frosty the Snowman running around out there.  White.  Creamy.  Smelly.  You laugh.  It could happen to you, there, egg balls.

Yeah.  That's right.  I knew a guy in upper management, man.  Um-hmm.  Went crazy.  Strapped one of those things to his hairy nutsack.  Ran out into the parking lot; blew his balls out <laughs>.  Yeah.  Blasted white lotus grease all over the place.  Like a little Chinese chef finding a violin in the bottom of his wonton soup.

She slides into the sack faster than a sunburnt albino at a Casper the friendly ghost ass-sniffing contest.